i said i'm preying on an edge and
scheming on a calm up make it music
every night now relying on i'm not gonna
make it to the top if you'd like it a
nice and my focus on bringing on a
million scheming on my gum up making
music every day now relying on dumb luck
or make it to the doc you like it a nice
and my focus on innovation it is this
artistic at this farm is laney up a
dream is scheming on some bond on it
purchasing some pieces holding more than
five diamonds relaxing with you three
minutes and where the time went back to
reality back to this day job i'm putting
in my work I pray to God that it pays
off instrumental practice technician one
with the pending and nothing coming home
until I promise adored again cuz i love
this I really love this pencil
proposition just a wrapper on a budget
working two jobs to go to classes every
day now not raining on my label making
time just the dang God people in my
corner whose to pull me funding my
dreams go for something biggie kid not
really gets bored seems it's all
perspective I war by the motile patient
with the news is the best things take
time I'm trying on a million scheming on
a gum up making music every night now
relying or dumb luck I'll make it to the
top if you like it a nice and my focus
on my eyes by pretending my drops are
preying on a million scheming on a gum
up making music every night now relying
on
I'll make it to the top to get like it a
night send my focus on my coffee cup in
one hand zipping off the Mojo all these
people hating it ain't no and then my
float coat karthik when i'm gonna send a
frosty like the whole song those
complacent worries taking chillin with
my friends whole weekend don't sleep in
dr. vinyl records i'm in it if the bay
suspended right until my head hurts
lyrics twisted thinking different head
until my network jus some people in my
circle always put it goes first comment
section bonkers lifted don't stir nurse
or something up nothing coming brilliant
working hard to create luck if you
haven't heard yet J ROC is on the
up-and-up see me out don't forget to
tell you blow it up I'm hopping no
stopping be a bit late nights before my
first performance are always up from
stage fright now I'm shining like the
daylight I'll make daylight take it
later turns I never do right as well my
dad tells me gifted lyrics payment
pacing I'm chasing my dreams vivid
images to play to get in this by any
means chi Chi's and iverson in four
seasons one day at the Four Seasons
vacations for no reason like seeming you
banks you picked your pains it's amazing
masterpieces as my thesis placement on
the world is taking the lightest open
I'm open that I can have the chance to
Papa to its do do recorded in the room
speaking dang dinh to exist this my
destiny holding up the note what's up do
we just was best for me lately my
rentals trying to say was best for me
focused on music AP top just to it
yeah scheming on a come up making music
every day now relying on dumb luck I'll
make it to the top if you'd like it a
nice and my focus over house by
pretending my truck sitting on a million
scheming on a come up making music every
night now relying or dumb luck I'll make
it to the top if you like it a nice and
my book is on the house by crippling in
my craw